[pkg/ottl] Restructure OTTL readme to make it easier to find functions and contexts (#29241)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/README.md

The OpenTelemetry Transformation Language is a language for transforming open telemetry data based on the [OpenTelemetry Collector Processing Exploration](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/docs/processing.md).

This package reads in OTTL statements and converts them to invokable functions/booleans based on the OTTL's grammar.

> The OTTL is signal agnostic; it is not aware of the type of telemetry on which it will operate.  Instead, the functions/booleans returned by the package must be passed a `TransformContext`, which provide access to the signal's telemetry.

Reviewer: I think we should move these lines into the language document or remove them. I'd like to keep this readme as user-facing as possible since this document will probably be frequented by users who are using OTTL in an existing processor.

Author: I looked for a good spot to put it in language.md and its really all covered throughout the file.  Opted to remove these statements instead.

## Getting Started

> If you're looking to write OTTL statements for a component's configuration checkout these resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to write OTTL statements for a component's configuration check out these resources.
```
I think "check out" is the right term here.

> If you're looking to write OTTL statement's for a component's configuration checkout these resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you're looking to write OTTL statements for a component's configuration checkout these resources.
```

| `Instrumentation Scope` | [Instrumentation Scode](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlscope/README.md) |
| `Span`                  | [Span](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlspan/README.md)                   |
| `Span Event`            | [SpanEvent](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlspanevent/README.md)         |
| `Metric`                | [Metric](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlmetric/README.md)               |
| `Datapoint`             | [DataPoint](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottldatapoint/README.md)         |
| `Log`                   | [Log](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/blob/main/pkg/ottl/contexts/ottllog/README.md)                     |

### Component Creators

> If you're looking to use OTTL in your component checkout [the OTTL grammar](./GRAMMAR.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're looking to use OTTL in your component, check out [the OTTL grammar](./GRAMMAR.md).
```
